MPT 276: Group 3 – Derek Bunsko, Ben Conrad, Lily Doo, Raissa D'Souza, and Adam Labecki 

Document Draft:

	Project Name: Random Encounters
	Requirements and Specification Document

Abstract:

Random Encounters is a web application that allows gamers to meet and connect with other gamers in their area. Instead of going on quests and adventures with strangers you’ll never meet halfway across the world, Random Encounters helps gamers find friends near their area to buddy up and slay dragons with. Users can create and customize their own profile pages, use the Google Maps API to search for other gamers around them, and leave comments on each other’s profile pages to communicate. Random Encounters also showcases various features, such as the ability to upload and watch livestreams of games encoded from Twitch, and a New Users page that lists out recently joined users to allow users to welcome the new recruits aboard.

Customer: 
The webapp is targeted toward players of multiplayer online battle arena (moba) looking to meet other gamers within their community.  

Competitive Analysis: 

As the app is catered to a niche audience and for a very specific purpose. As such, it does not appear to have anything in the way of direct competition. The nearest competitor would consist of the Steam Community, or rather, that part of it which caters of moba players. Even here, our focus is distinct, as the Steam community caters to strangers form all over the world who wish to game together while Random Encounters allows users to meet people within their own geographical area.

Scope:

Environment Set (Iteration 0) – Github repo, Ruby on Rails with Heroku and Postgresql for development, production and testing.

Theme (Iteration 1) – Responsive framework using Twitter Bootstrap.

Sign Up/ Login (Iteration 1) – User can sign up and login to create their own profile page, comment on other people’s pages, and find other gamers in their area.

Homepage (Iteration 1) – Basic page with description of the sites functionality

User page (Iteration 1 setup, Iteration 2 more developed) – User’s personal page. Comes with a profile picture a description box, and a comments section.

Search Page (Iteration 2) – Search users in an area that play certain games using Google Maps API.

New Users page (tbd) – Lists out recently created user profiles.

Forums (tbd) - A forum page where users can post posts viewable by anyone

User Stories: 

1. New User - Iteration 1

Goal: As someone who wants to make use of this site my goal is to successfully sign up so as to gain access to all current site pages. 
Glancing at the blue and purple home page I see the Sign Up button at the top left-hand corner. This takes me to the sign up page. I fill out the form, which includes a username, email, address, password, and boxes that allow me to indicate which moba games I play. There is also a text box to write a short self-description. I decide to wait for a later time to fill that one out. The first time around I make a mistake in my email and forget to fill out the "country" form. Accordingly, I am informed that my email is not formatted correctly and that a country must be provided. Upon making the appropriate fixes, I press the submit button, which takes me to my profile page displaying my user information. The sign up and login buttons have been replaced with a drop down menu with links to my profile, settings (which allows me to update my profile), search (which allows me to search for other users [not fully implemented]), and a logout button. My goal is now fait accompli.

2. Admin - Iteration tbd

Upon entering the web app, I click on the “Log in” button and enter my username and password. As an admin, my role is to help moderate the site, deal with user issues and send out emails to the users about updates and changes. After logging in, I click on the “My Profile” page to find that I have some message notifications.
I click on the “Messages” button and arrive at the messaging page. Many of the messages come from users notifying me about what appears to be a spam bot who is sending messages to users with suspicious links. I search the username in the user search bar and click on the suspicious profile. Upon expecting, I conclude the user is in a fake spam bot and decide to us my admin tools to delete the profile. After a few confirmation prompts the user is removed and an email notification is automatically sent to the email associated with the user to notify them of the deletion. 
After dealing with that issue I remember that a new update had been implemented today on the site and that I need to send out a newsletter to all the users. Returning back to the messages page I click on the “New Message” button and write out the newsletter describing all of the new features that were implemented today. As an admin, I’m given the special option to send messages to the entire user base simply so after completing the message I send it off to everybody’s mailbox in a single click.
After finishing with the session, I click on the “Log Out” button on the top bar and leave the page. 


3. Google Maps Search - Iteration 2

I am a visitor to the site and would like to search for people in my area that play the same games that I do, so I can be friends with them. However, I need to have an account on Random Encounters first to be able to interact with people, so I sign up and get to the Google Maps page by clicking the “Account” button on the navbar and then clicking “search” in the dropdown menu. On the Google Maps page, there are checkboxes with the name of a game next to them on top of the API. If I don’t check off any of the boxes, I have a blank map that shows my neighbourhood. If I check off one of the boxes, markers show up on the map indicating other users that play the game. If I refresh the page, the checkboxes should be cleared (or maybe saved checkboxes? To be decided). If I check off two or more different games, all users that play at least one of the games or 2 or more of the games show up on the map. If I scroll back on the map, more users show up on the map as their neighbourhood is revealed. Conversely, if I scroll forward on the map, less users show up on the map as their neighbourhood is concealed. If I click on a marker, a snippet of the user’s profile pops up. If I click the user, I get redirected to their user page and I can start interacting with them. 

4. User - Log In - Iteration 1

User Interface Requirements: As a user of the site I wish to log-in so I can have access to all the great features.
I navigate to the right hand corner of the header banner and click the login in button. I am brought to a new page that asks for the email 
address and password I used to sign up. I type these into the appropriate text boxes and click the blue "log in" button. I am taken to my 
profile page and can now use the site and all its great features.
	




	
